As adoption of Cloud services has increased,
so has the need for increased security in the Cloud.
Stories about companies being hacked and data and security breaches are widespread.
It is important for companies to secure their customers data,
especially data that is considered to be PII or personally identifiable information.
Such as, social security numbers,
bank account information, passport numbers, etc.
Along with protecting the data,
it is important to protect the applications that provide access to that data.
The great thing about cloud security,
is that it not only protects the data,
it also protects applications that access the data,
and it even protects the infrastructure like servers that the applications run on.
The way security is delivered,
depends on the Cloud provider you're using and the cloud security options they offer.